Rephrase `Email` documentation (#19)
frontacles/frontacles: README.md

const { username, hostname } = new Email('someone@domain.tld')
```

> An `Email` object is converted to a string when used along another string, or when directly using `toString`.

Author: ```suggestion
An `Email` object is converted to a string when used along another string, or by directly calling `toString`.
```
